>>DAVID WILCOCK:
I'm David Wilcock,
and this is "Disclosure."
What you are about to see is one
of the most important, concise,
information-packed episodes
of our entire show--
and some of the most
important information
that I feel we could
possibly get into.
I'm talking about my
second and final interview
with Andrew Collins, who has
done incredible work in really
showing us the
big picture of how
all these different pieces
of ancient civilizations
and extraterrestrials
colonizing the Earth-- how
all that stuff fits together.
There's some very,
very fascinating stuff
in this episode.
In fact, just my written notes
on all of the specific factoids
that Andrew goes
through in this episode
is like three pages
long, all single-spaced.
It's crazy.
What we're going to be
hearing about in this episode
is centering on this
legend of the giants.
But it's not just a legend.
As it turns out,
giant skeletons have
been found all over the planet.
Some of them are around
7 to 8 feet tall,
but believe it or not,
many, many examples
of giant skeletons have
been found all the way up
to 12 to 13 feet in height.
And it's not just
that they're taller.
There are cases in which
the skull is literally
is large as a big oak barrel,
and the bone on the skull
is one inch thick.
Well, Andrew
Collins and I really
get into this, because,
for some reason,
there has been a very
clear orchestrated campaign
to completely wipe
the slate clean
of any records of
these giant skeletons.
It's as if someone
who is very powerful
never wants us to
figure this out.
If we knew that there were 12
to 13 foot tall humans on Earth
up until the very
recent past-- in fact,
you're going to find out
that eyewitnesses saw them
on Easter Island in the 1700s.
Explorers like de Soto saw them
when they came to the Americas
in recent past.
These people were very real.
We've found thousands and
thousands of their skeletons,
and all of that evidence
has been suppressed.
What is going on here?
Is it possible that
the giant skeletons
are the remains of an
extraterrestrial human species
that is actually a hybrid
between extraterrestrial
visitors known in the Book
of Enoch as the Watchers,
and the native
humans here on Earth?
Is it possible that their
children became these giants?
And, as he goes through
in this interview
that we are now hearing about,
people called Denisovans--
or Denisovans-- and
that the Denisovans,
their DNA is still a
part of who we are now.
And some of the Denisovans,
their actual remains
of which very little has
been officially announced,
show that their teeth
could be twice the size
of our own teeth.
Now, that suggests giants.
And if you think that
the subject of giants
is hokey or
superstitious, it's only
because the people researching
ancient civilizations
were not really on
the track of this.
In fact, I only
started to really
get on the track
of giants recently,
and I've discovered
that it is, in a sense,
the central architecture
that draws together
so many different
data points, including
the idea that the number
one member of the Watchers,
of these fallen angels,
called himself Lucifer.
And it may be that these
Watchers were, in fact,
reptilian-appearing humans.
This may be why
we have the legend
of the nagas in the
Hindu tradition-- people
that look like serpents.
There are serpentine
beings apparently
around the time all
of the step pyramids
that were built in
Mesoamerica, hence
there are frequent references
to Quetzalcoatl, the serpent.
This is something
very interesting.
It's something we've explored
on "Ancient Aliens" quite a bit,
and now I'm getting
into it here-- the idea
that these reptilian-looking
humans innerbred with us.
And maybe because their DNA
was really supercharged,
the offspring actually
became much taller.
They looked sort of like us.
They had white skin,
red hair or blonde hair,
but they were really,
really tall, in many cases.
And they kept their secrets.
So is it possible that
their descendants actually
developed the ability
to become gods among us
and that they saved all of
their secrets, kept their power,
and are hiding it from us?
This may sound like
conspiracy theory you
but it's a very
compelling narrative.
Check it out.
Andrew Collins, welcome back.
>>ANDREW COLLINS:
Thank you very much.
>>DAVID: This is incredible
information-- exactly what
I was hoping we'd get into.
I'd like to take an
episode and focus
on the subject of the Anunnaki
and the subject of the giants
and the skeletons and the actual
archaeological evidence that
has been found.
Because even for people
within our field,
I feel this is almost
virgin territory.
You're actually one of the
longest-standing scholars who's
investigated this subject
and really gotten into.
We were talking about the Book
of Enoch in a previous episode.
>>COLLINS: Yeah.
>>DAVID: And I think that's
a very, very important point
to jump off of again.
That book is ancient, right?
>>COLLINS: Absolutely.
>>DAVID: It's comparable to
the Book of Genesis in its age.
>>COLLINS: I mean,
obviously the earliest forms
of both of those books come
from exactly the same place,
and that's the Dead Sea Scrolls.
And although in
their material form,
the Dead Sea Scrolls
probably only date
to maybe the first century
B.C. The form that they take
suggests that they probably
go back to at least 200 to 300
B.C. Now, that doesn't
sound like a long time ago,
but that's in
their current form.
But what's quite clear is
of that the Book of Enoch
is actually made up of much
earlier texts, one of which
the title is known, and
that's the Book of Noah.
And the Book of Noah quite
clearly predates all of these,
and almost certainly was
constructed in the area
that we now know as Eastern
Anatolia, which is also
known as Northern Mesopotamia.
And it was constructed
in this area--
whether even just as an
oral book at that point.
And most of these
ideas were brought
into Canaan, the promise
land of God, as it were,
by Abraham, and his family,
and the other proto-Israelites.
Because they began their
journey in Southeast Anatolia.
>>DAVID: Now let me just ask you
a brief question that picks up
on what we said in the previous
episode, which most people will
have watched.
Gobekli Tepe, 10,000
years old plus,
because it's a Stonehenge-type
series of monuments
buried under the dirt, and
the dirt's been carbon-dated.
>>COLLINS: Yeah.
>>DAVID: Is Gobekli Tepe
in Eastern Anatolia?
>>COLLINS: Absolutely.
Gobekli Tepe is just
eight miles from the city
of what's today Sanliurfa, which
was the ancient city of Odessa
in the Bible.
And it's also Ur of
the Chaldees, the place
that Abraham was born.
In fact, there's a cave
shrine still there today,
where thousands of people come
to revere the birth of Abraham
to this day-- Muslim people.
And it's fully believed
by the people of Turkey
that this is where
Abraham was born.
And although you'll find
in the history books
that Sir Leonard
Woolley investigated
a city called Ur in
Southern Iraq, which
is considered to be
Ur of the Chaldees,
I think that's absolutely wrong.
Because the actual folklore
of tradition surrounding
where Ur, where Abraham was
born, is in Southeast Anatolia,
just a few models away
from Gobekli Tepe.
And the importance here is
that Abraham was the guy who,
the patriarch who brought the
ideas of the proto-Israelites
in Canaan, where they
established themselves
and where the Bible was
eventually formulated and put
down.
So we know that these
early ideas came
from the very area of
Gobekli Tepe themself,
and that's very, very
important, because--
>>DAVID: So this could actually
be the original human nursery.
>>COLLINS: Absolutely.
It is the original
Garden of Eden.
>>DAVID: Because
the Adam and Eve
creation story is that
humans were created here.
>>COLLINS: Absolutely.
Well, here's
something that I only
found out within the last year.
And that's the fact that one
of the names of Sanliurfa
in the past was Adamna, which
means the place of Adam.
Which I-- you
know, to be honest,
it's not even in my book,
because I only found this
out when I was there last year.
>>DAVID: Wow.
That's amazing.
>>COLLINS: So this
is the place of Adam.
Even the lead archaeologist
that was doing all the work
at Gobekli Tepe-- professor
Klaus Schmidt, who
was the guy who really sort of
rediscovered it in the 1990s
and worked there through until
his unfortunate and quite
sudden death earlier
on this year.
He has linked this site not
only with the Garden of Eden,
but also with the Watchers
of the Book of Enoch.
He's mentioned this in
one or two interviews.
But also the Anunnaki.
He's actually
suggested that place,
this mountaintop on which
Gobekli Tepe is placed
was the original Duku mound, the
place where the Anunnaki were
born, it was said-- the place
where they gave humanity
the first grain, the
first sheep, which
is a reference almost certainly
to the origins of agriculture
and animal husbandry, which
both took place in this region
around 11,000 years ago.
>>DAVID: I'd like to
drop something on you.
It's a little wild card
here, but bear with me.
I have an insider who does not
want to come forward on camera,
but he worked at
a very high level.
He worked in the
Reagan administration
in very classified programs.
This insider came
across a series
of documents procured by Howard
Hughes, the aviation pioneer.
And Howard Hughes, in the
course of working with defense
contractors, figured
out that there
was an Illuminati, or a
cabal-- an occult world group
that was controlling things.
He actually hired women to work
as undercover sex workers, who
then had sex with
some of these people
and got them under
drug influence
to reveal what their
cult was teaching.
And what Howard
Hughes' documents
from these various
couriers came up with
is that these people
believe that they
are the descendants of Lucifer.
They actually-- they have a
mythology that says that when
Eve bit the apple in
the Garden of Eden,
that the apple that
Lucifer tempted her with
was actually sex with
an extraterrestrial, one
of these Watchers.
And they linked it to
the Book of the Watchers
and the Book of the Enoch.
And the idea being
that one of Eve's kids
was Lucifer's kid, that's Cain.
And the other child, Abel,
was the child of Adam.
And so this group--
the important point
is whether it's
true or not, they
believe that they are the
descendants of Cain-- hence
Canaan and Canaan Land,
and actually, apparently,
John McCain.
And there's a lot of
interesting connections here.
The Masons have the Tubal-cain
as their basic thing.
And if you see the movie "Noah,"
with Russell Crowe, which
I only watched after he
told me all of this--
and it didn't even come until
after he told me all of this--
they have the bloodline
of Cain and the flood,
and the bloodline of Cain is
denied entry to Noah's Ark.
>>COLLINS: Mhm.
Mhm.
Well--
>>DAVID: So what do you
think about all that?
>>COLLINS: I mean, obviously
I can't verify the story.
But we come back to some
fundamental issues, here.
And that's the fact that, if the
Watchers existed, what, or who,
were they?
I mean, how can we
explain their existence?
And secondly, if they
did exist in the past,
are there survivors
still around today?
I think that's what
it comes down to.
So let's take the
first question first.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>COLLINS: Who or what are they?
Well, the evidence I
seem to have accumulated
would tend to suggest that
they were very striking
in appearance, to start with.
They were probably very tall.
>>DAVID: Is it possible
that those descriptions--
because you mentioned
in the previous episode
they had glowing eyes, and I
want to go through that again.
The skeptic with
their arms crossed--
they always do that, right?
They're going to be
saying, oh, they just
mistranslated the
words, and it's just
a misunderstanding of a
word, and that kind of thing.
>>COLLINS: Well, maybe.
>>DAVID: Is it possible
that that could be?
>>COLLINS: Maybe.
I mean, the thing is
that when somebody
is said to have eyes that
shine like the Sun, what
does that actually mean?
I mean, does it mean that rays
of light come out of them?
I don't know.
I mean, obviously
we can interpret it
in whatever way we wish.
To me, it suggested
that their eyes
are strange-- there's something
about them, something unique.
And they're said to almost
have a glow about them,
whether it be their
skin, whether it
be their hair-- which
is, to be honest,
described as white
when it is described.
>>DAVID: Oh.
>>COLLINS: And although
these are really
sort of quite iffy ways of
describing it-- because,
you know, you start thinking
of quite sort of Aryan ideas
and things like that,
which is not there
within the Book of Enoch.
I mean, clearly you're
describing a type of people.
And the evidence that I
seem to have accumulated
relating to their
origins-- if indeed they
were the founders
of civilization,
and the Garden of Eden, the
cradle of civilization, which
is Southeast Anatolia--
is that they were probably
an elite that came into the
region from somewhere else.
So you've got to
say, well, where?
Well, the evidence suggests
they came in from the north,
from the area of
what is today Central
Russia-- the Russian plane.
And that they were part of a
culture that existed just prior
to the foundation of
Gobekli Tepe, who stretched
from the Carpathian Mountains
in Central Europe right
the way across to some of the
big rivers in Central Russia,
and possibly even with links as
Far East as the Ural Mountains.
And they were known
as the Swiderians.
And this is a term
which refers not
so much to their
appearance, necessarily,
but to the tradition,
as it's known,
of their stone technology,
which was extremely advanced.
These people were
the earliest miners.
They were possibly some of
the earliest astronomers.
They had this
incredible technology--
that they were creating
built structures, log houses.
And more important is
that, anatomically, they
would seem to have been
slightly different to us,
or certainly the anatomical
evidence that's come out,
they would seem to
almost certainly
have belonged to a right type
of human which was a hybrid.
And we're not talking
here about alien hybrids.
We talking about the admixture
between two different types
of human-- one being ourselves,
anatomically modern humans,
which, obviously today
we'd see as Homo sapien
sapiens-- and another
type of human or hominid,
as it would be, known.
And that seems to have
been Neanderthals.
The Neanderthal people have
had bad press, in all honesty.
I mean, they've been made
out to be almost ape-like,
and sort of crouching down,
and sort of been pretty thick
and sort of not done
much with their lives,
and eventually
probably wiped out
by the humans that
came and replaced them,
or they were wiped out in
some kind of Ice Age cataclysm
or something like this.
But the evidence would seem to
suggest that they could even
have been more intelligent
than the earliest humans
when they arrived in Europe
about 40,000, 45,000 years ago,
and that we actually inherited
from them, both verbally
but also probably genetically,
a lot of their ideas relating
to the importance of creativity,
of art, and dreams, and magic,
and connections with the
sky world, with the stars,
and the contact with
otherworldly realms.
And this admixture,
this hybridization,
created a new type of being--
something that was not
just human, but
something that was
very tall, had
extremely long heads--
elongated heads, which were
eventually probably replicated
through artificial
deformation of them.
And these people
were quite tall.
And they came south at the
time of a cataclysm known
as the Younger
Dryas event, which
seems to involve a comet impact
around 10,900 B.C., which
caused fire and flood of
the sort which is recorded
in biblical tradition-- but
also a mini Ice Age that
lasted for 1,300 years, which
pushed people further south.
And almost certainly,
people were
pushed down between the Black
Sea and the Caspian Sea, down
through the Caucasus
Mountains, and ended up
in Eastern or
Southeastern Anatolia--
right in the very area that
Gobekli Tepe then rises
from almost nothing, basically.
And it's my opinion
that Gobekli Tepe
was created by human hybrids--
admixtures between Neanderthals
and anatomically modern humans.
And they look
striking, these people.
And because they
look so different,
the local population
that would seem
to have been quite different
in appearance and perhaps even
mindset-- the way that they
remember these encounters
with these people, who would
seem to have come in and taken
control of the local population,
and to have been an elite,
and to have created
a tiered society,
which would have been
necessary to create something
like Gobekli Tepe.
The way that they
remembered comes down to us
as the stories of the
Watchers and the Anunnaki
and the immortals
of Iranian myth
and various other gods-- even
though the gods of Olympus,
if you like.
And this is really
what's going on here,
that these gods, these
immortals, these human angels
are really human
hybrids, in my opinion.
>>DAVID: This brings up a
really interesting subject,
which is I've been looking at
the research of various people
who are studying the giants.
I got a stack of books
on giants right now.
One of the names that
pops up is Jim Vieira.
And he has found over 1,500
academically documented
accounts of discoveries of giant
skeletons all over the planet.
And this includes
a number of them
that show up in
the New York Times.
And you can still look them up
on the New York Times website.
So as far as I know, the
amount of human remains
that have been
found that are used
to build the chronology
of human life
on Earth-- all of those bones
can fit into one coffin.
And yet the number of giant
skeletons that apparently have
been found vastly exceeds that.
And yet it's all
been suppressed.
>>COLLINS: Absolutely.
Um--
>>DAVID: Why do you think
it's being suppressed?
>>COLLINS: Because
it doesn't fit.
It doesn't fit the
paradigm that existed
in the 19th Century,
particularly,
obviously, in the United
States, with the foundation
of the Smithsonian
Institute and their control
over archaeological excavations
all over the country.
I mean, they were sending people
who were not even academics,
in many cases, to excavate
mound sites and cemeteries
of the Native American
peoples all over the country.
And they were
documenting, in theory,
what they were discovering.
And very often, they would
describe the discovery
of individual skeletons,
or collectively,
that were at least 7 to 7
and 1/2 feet-- sometimes
they're described as
much longer than that.
Now, let's put this
into perspective.
Some of these stories
can almost certainly
be put down to a
misinterpretation
of the evidence that's found.
I mean, the fact
of the matter is
that when a skeleton is laid to
rest and laid out, over time,
the pressure of the earth on
it will push the bones apart
so that once just a
general measure is made
of that skeleton when found,
it can be at least six inches,
perhaps even a foot longer
than the actual skeleton when
it was actually alive.
That's a fact of archaeology.
>>DAVID: Yeah.
But you have some people
saying they found skulls
as big as oak barrels--
>>COLLINS: Oh, of course.
>>DAVID: --that have
one-inch thick bone.
>>COLLINS: Absolutely.
But-- and the other
thing is that some
of these stories, at least,
particularly those that
appeared within the
newspapers-- like the New York
Times, Washington Post, and
whatever-- were the landowners
trying to create some
kind of attention
to activities on their land.
I mean, that's a fact.
Myself and my colleague Greg
Little researched for a book
called "Path of
Souls," which looks
into the whole story of the
giant skeletons of North
America, but also
the fact that they
seem to have been
an elite that was
behind the spread of the first
cosmology, the first star
knowledge that was introduced
to the North American continent
before the land bridge
between Alaska and Siberia
was submerged, probably
around 8500 B.C.
We looked into all of these.
We looked into various
different accounts.
And some of them were
quite easily explainable.
We actually went to the places
where the skeletons were found,
asked local archaeologists,
looked through local papers,
and we got to the
bottom of some of it.
But having said
this, we also found
that many of these accounts
were absolutely real,
and that we went to the sites.
And even the archaeologists
were providing us
with more evidence of
giant remains being found.
And this was all
over the country.
But what was also
interesting is that there
were certain patterns relating
to where these giant skeletons
were being found.
And it was quite
clear that there
was one area in the country
where they were found
more than anywhere
else, and that's
the Kanawha Valley
of West Virginia.
And here, there are dozens
and dozens of accounts
of giant skeletons being found.
And, in fact, Greg did
a statistical analysis
of the giant
skeletons as opposed
to the regular-sized skeletons
that were found and documented.
And, I mean, these are
in Smithsonian reports.
I mean, these are not in
local newspapers or whatever.
And the analysis
showed quite clearly
that these giants
were not humans
with some kind of
genetic disorder.
Because obviously we have
giants in the world today.
I mean, many of them
play for baseball teams--
national baseball
teams or whatever.
I mean, we have
giants in the world.
There's nothing that's
a problem with that.
But most of these guys
suffer from what's
known as gigantism, which allows
their bodily form, their DNA,
to supersize them at
the point of birth.
These skeletons that have
been found in, as I say,
West Virginia and also
in neighboring Ohio,
are nothing to do
with gigantism,
or certainly the
percentage, average,
suggests that these
populations had
real population, real
societies, or whatever,
or links that included a
number of different giants.
In other words, what
we're talking about here
is that there were people
of exceptional size,
and they would have
children that were also
of exceptional size, who
would also give birth to more
children of exceptional size.
In other words, this
was a race of giants.
That's really, really important.
>>DAVID: Are you familiar
with the Paiute Indians
and the Si-Te-Cah, the
legend of these giants?
>>COLLINS: Yes, absolutely.
Yes.
>>DAVID: Another example.
>>COLLINS: Yeah, absolutely.
And, you know, I mean, there
are dozens if not hundreds
of legends that talk
about the encounters
between the Native
American peoples
and the giants who would seem
to have already been present
in North America when they
arrived into those territories.
And they had battles
with them, or the giants
disappeared-- i.e.,
sort of withdrew
to some other territory.
They were killed in some
way or they died out.
And these accounts are there.
>>DAVID: Well, the
first Dutch explorer
of Easter Island, Jacob
Roggeveen, gets there in 1714
And finds this whole
group of people
called Hanau epe, that are
apparently 12-foot-tall whites
with red hair.
>>COLLINS: Absolutely.
And on top of that,
you've got the fact
that a number of the
first European explorers,
like de Soto, were actually
encountering giant characters
when they were going into
the Native American villages.
>>DAVID: And how
recent was that?
>>COLLINS: Before
they were decimated.
Well, when was de Soto?
Was he the 16th, 17th Century?
>>DAVID: Right.
>>COLLINS: I can't
remember the exact date.
But, I mean--
>>DAVID: Very recent.
>>COLLINS: Yeah, absolutely.
You've got to ask yourself-- OK.
The giants were there.
Who were they?
I mean, if you're saying
that there was a giant race,
who were they?
And I come back to
what I said earlier
about the idea of human hybrids.
The best explanation is
that they are, in some way,
some kind of admixture between
two different types of humans.
And I think that the
best evidence so far
is that they are a mixture of
anatomically modern humans,
i.e., ourselves, and
probably-- not Neanderthals
in this case-- Denisovans.
Denisovans is a human population
that existed possibly down to,
I don't know, 30,000, 40,000
years ago, and arguably
much later, and that there are
many different populations,
particularly in East Asia,
also in Australia, in places
like Melanesia, that have quite
a high percentage of Denisovan
DNA in them, even to this day.
And various Native
American tribes also
have Denisovan DNA within them.
And it would be my best
bet that the giants
are some kind of hybrid between
Denisovans and Homo sapiens.
And to back this up, I would
say that the Denisovans themself
would seem to have been the
descendants of an even earlier
type of human known as
Homo heidelbergensis, who
was a hominid that existed
in Europe, in Africa,
and parts of Asia, as well.
And there are absolute
records of bones
of Homo heidelbergensis being
found that are at least 7 to 7
and a 1/2 feet tall.
So that makes absolute sense
that the Denisovans were
almost certainly that height.
In fact, the very
frugal anatomical
remains that we have
of the Denisovans
includes teeth that are double
the size of our own human teeth
today, which strongly suggests
that we're dealing with giants.
>>DAVID: Do you
think it's possible
that the giants' legends or
records or their social order
or whatever had been preserved,
and that they are still,
in some ways, perhaps
involved with this Illuminati
subject or the Federal
Reserve and the cabal?
Do you think that's possible?
>>COLLINS: Well, we come
back to the second question
that was posed earlier.
And that's the
fact of, are there
the descendants of the
Watchers and the Anunnaki
still around today--
and obviously
the giants of North America.
And the fact is, of course.
They are you and I, ultimately.
I mean, we have the DNA
of Neanderthals in us,
of Denisovans.
And in some way, we resonate
that-- I mean, some people
probably more than others,
whether they be extremely tall,
the complexion of
their skin, the fact
they've got extremely long
heads, or something like that.
And you could look at those
individuals, perhaps even
their background, their
genetic background, whatever,
and come to the conclusion
that they, themselves,
are descended from these
mythical characters
of the past.
And in some strange way,
there's some truth in that.
And whether these people
then come together and share
these ideas and create a cabal,
that's probably a little bit
beyond me.
But I certainly know that there
are a number of traditions
relating to survivors of
the Watchers existing today,
and that, yes, they do have
some kind of hold upon society.
>>DAVID: Absolutely fascinating.
Well, Andrew Collins, I want to
thank you for being on my show.
>>COLLINS: Thank you, David.
Thank you.
>>DAVID: Thank you for being
a part of "Disclosure."
So you heard him say
it right at the end
there-- the descendants of
the Denisovans are you and I,
and there are traditions
of the Watchers actually
having a hold on our society,
and that their descendants have
preserved who they
really are and kept
it very secret from us.
He isn't quite as willing
to go over the ledge
as I am into the
so-called conspiracy
theory of the Illuminati, but
all of the pieces are there.
This is fascinating information
because it reveals but there
may in fact to be a group
that considers themselves
to be aliens among
us, extraterrestrials,
and they are
protecting themselves
from us knowing the truth
because-- let's face it.
Human beings have a
tendency to bring out
the torches and pitchforks
when they think that they're
faced with the unknown.
And I personally think
that is a terrible idea.
We are all possessing this
various hybridized DNA,
and we shouldn't
assume that if someone
comes from another planet
that that automatically
means that they are evil.
This is something that
deserves our attention,
but it also deserves
sober consideration.
Coming up next time
here on "Disclosure,"
we're going to be
interviewing Graham
Hancock for the third time.
And we're going to have some
truly fascinating information.
Did you know that there is a
pyramid in Indonesia called
Caral that looks
exactly like the step
pyramids in Mesoamerica?
I never heard this
before I interviewed him.
And during the interview, I
didn't even really get it.
It wasn't until I went back
and watched this footage
to be able to give you this
that I'm telling you now
that I actually went and
looked at the Caral pyramid.
And my god, it's just
the same as the pyramids
that we see in Mesoamerica.
But it's in Indonesia.
Nobody ever talks
about this stuff.
Why?
Because it suggests
that we were dealing
with a worldwide civilization.
That's coming up next
time here on "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
and I thank you for watching.